[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[logisim.analyze]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\analyze.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\analyze.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.circuit]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\circuit.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\circuit.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.data]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\data.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\data.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.draw]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\draw.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\draw.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.file]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\file.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\file.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.gui]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\gui.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\gui.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.hex]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\hex.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\hex.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.log]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\log.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\log.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.menu]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\menu.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\menu.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.opts]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\opts.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\opts.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.prefs]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\prefs.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\prefs.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.proj]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\proj.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\proj.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.start]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\start.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\start.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.std]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\std.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\std.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.tools]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\tools.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\tools.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

[logisim.util]
file_filter = src\main\resources\logisim\<lang>\util.properties
source_file = src\main\resources\logisim\en\util.properties
source_lang = en
type = PROPERTIES

